# 1. Screens as Containers

### HTML for the Screen Containers

Below you see the HTML for the three screen "containers" as `<div>` elements. We will add more detail to each screen later. Notice that each screen has `class='screen'` . This will allow us to easily change the style \(CSS\) of all three screens later in the same way. Also, notice that each screen has a unique `id` that will allow us to target each screen in a particular way later. 

**Copy the HTML code and paste it into a new** [**CodePen's HTML**](https://codepen.io/pen/) **\(or use the complete `index.html`** code if using another editor**\).** The browser page preview is not exciting, but it should contain text from all three screens.

{% code-tabs %}
{% code-tabs-item title="HTML - CodePen version with body only" %}
```markup
<!-------------- WELCOME SCREEN --------------->
<div class='screen' id='welcome-screen'>
  <h1>Welcome screen.</h1>
</div>

<!-------------- QUESTION SCREEN --------------->
<div class='screen' id='question-screen'>
  <h1>Question screen.</h1>
</div>

<!-------------- THANK YOU SCREEN --------------->
<div class='screen' id='thankyou-screen'>
  <h1>Thank you screen.</h1>
</div>
```
{% endcode-tabs-item %}

{% code-tabs-item title="HTML - complete index.html file" %}
```markup
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

<head>
  <title>iDEW Trivia</title>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css">
</head>

<body>
  <!-------------- WELCOME SCREEN --------------->
  <div class='screen' id='welcome-screen'>
    <h1>Welcome screen.</h1>
  </div>

  <!-------------- QUESTION SCREEN --------------->
  <div class='screen' id='question-screen'>
    <h1>Question screen.</h1>
  </div>

  <!-------------- THANK YOU SCREEN --------------->
  <div class='screen' id='thankyou-screen'>
    <h1>Thank you screen.</h1>
  </div>
  
  <script src="code.js"></script>
</body>

</html>
```
{% endcode-tabs-item %}
{% endcode-tabs %}

>

{% hint style="info" %}
### **This is single page web app.** 

What is a single page web app? Most traditional web sites are a collection of HTML files \(pages\) that link to each other. With a single page web app you will create a single HTML file that contain different views \(we call them _screens_ in our case\) that you _hide_ or _show_ depending on the _state_ of the app. 

For example, in the trivia game, you will _hide_ the question and thank you screens at the beginning and _show_ the welcome screen. When the visitor starts the game, you will _hide_ the welcome screen and _show_ the question screen, and so on.

Don't worry if this isn't totally clear yet. It will make more sense when we get to the JavaScript programming part later.
{% endhint %}



### CSS for the Body and Screens

Let's add a little style to our screens next. In the code below notice how the `body` , which contains all contents of the page, is given a background color of "gray" and a margin of "0". This gives us a nice edge-to-edge background for placing our screen content. 

Next you will see several styles being applied to screens, since `.screen` affects all elements with that class. Notice how `background-color` uses `rgba( )` so that we can "see through" the screen a bit to the background. You will want this feature later. The rest of the styling has to do with sizing the screens and content in a way that fits nicely on any device, and you will probably want to leave these elements alone.

**Copy the CSS code below into your CodePen's CSS \(or stylesheet file if not using CodePen\) and notice the change. You will need to scroll down in the live preview to see all the screens now.**

{% code-tabs %}
{% code-tabs-item title="CSS" %}
```css
body {
  margin: 0;
  background-color: gray;
}

.screen {
  background-color: rgba(255,255,255,.5);
  box-sizing: border-box;
  margin: 15px auto;
  padding: 15px;
  max-width: 700px;
  width: calc(100vw - 30px);
  height: calc(100vh - 30px);
}
```
{% endcode-tabs-item %}
{% endcode-tabs %}

### **Save your Code before the next step!**



